DP-4000 - Create a demo project to upgrade DPI-ORC Dependencies (#15)
NorthConcepts/DataPipeline-Demos: DataPipeline-Integration-Orc-Upgrade-Libraries/README.md

# Upgrade DataPipeline Integration - ORC Dependencies  

> This module contains the java code to illustrate how you can upgrade core libraries to a DataPipeline library - DataPipeline Integration ORC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project illustrates how you can upgrade the libraries used by DataPipeline.  This demo upgrades the Apache Orc library to a version that required JDK 17.
```

Author: Done.
